NIK 
Creative Director

Salon Manager Nik with over 25 yrs experience within the Industry, Sassoon Academy trained.
Worked in Premier hair salons in York, Harrogate, Leeds and Manchester. Also created session work for magazines, shows and colour techs.
​And has extensive knowledge of hair treatment science.


ELLA
Creative Stylist

Bubbly and friendly NVQ Level 3 qualified hair stylist with 7 years experience in the industry. Currently working towards a certificate in barbering. Enjoys styling both ladies and gents hair to make them feel their best!


LIBBY 
CREATIVE
​STYLIST

Libby is level 3 qualified hairdresser. She has worked in multiple salons around York and has been in the profession for about 6 years with qualifications in both Ladies and Gents hair. Currently 
expanding her knowledge through a professional barbering course. Libby's aim is for everyone to walk out the salon with a smile on their face. 



CURTIS 
GRADUATE
​STYLIST

I've worked in the hair industry for around 7 years, starting off as a Saturday assistant. Then i studies for 3 years at a national and vocational degree in woman's hair design, achieving my level 2 qualification. I am now looking forward to progressing my training and experience at urban hair and beauty lounge, currently working towards my level 3 in women's & men  hair. I have a big passion for hairdressing. I'm enthusiastic, happy person who will give you 110% of my attention to make you feel and look great.



MICHELLE IS NOW ON MATERNITY LEAVE!

​Michelle has had extensive training at Saks and 12 years experience in the hair industry




Beauty Therapist

Kerry Browning

Kerry our highly experienced Beauty Therapist,  has 12 years experience in the Beauty Industry, with a Spa background. Her aim is to make you feel comfortable and at ease.  Specialist in a range of different treatments,  and is looking forward to introducing some new up and coming treatments.
​For a full range of treatments please check our Beauty Menu.









